Changed some things in the Preparation section, more soon (#2)
Miepee/AM2R-Modding-Wiki: content/utmt/rooms/creating new rooms/preperation/_index.md

---
title: Preperation
weight: 0
resources: 
  - name: roomSetup
    src: "roomSetup.png"
    title: This is approximately how the room should look after the preparation
  - name: roomOnCreate
    src: "roomOnCreate.png"
    title: This is how it will look when first adding a new room
  - name: viewsSetup
    src: "viewsSetup.png"
    title: This is how the Views should look like.
  - name: screenGuideSetup
    src: "screenGuideSetup.png"
    title: This is what it should look like after setting up the `bgScreenGuide` element 
---

Before we set up tiles or textures, we must first make some preperations. To get started, create a new room by right-clicking on `Rooms` in the viewer on the left and then click `add`. Now you will see 3 things;

> - A list of all objects that are in your room.
> - A set of values, corresponding to the element that you currently have selected.
> - A visual overview of your room. If you're adding a new room, this will be completely black with a grey grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At the top left, a list of all objects that are in your room.
- At the top right, a set of values, corresponding to the element that you currently have selected.
- At the bottom, a visual overview of your room. If you're adding a new room, this will be completely gray.
```
